feat(Dialog): Add data-iui-placement functionality (#1323)
iTwin/iTwinUI: apps/website/src/pages/docs/dialog.mdx

As specified earlier, full-page dialogs will house various settings options as shown in the example below.

### Placement

A placement dialog can be adjusted to sit in one of the four corners of the page.

<LiveExample src='Dialog.placement.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.DialogPlacementExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

Positions for the dialog on the page include:

> `top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`

Reviewer: For consistency sake accross all documentations, I think each value could be on its own line. Refer to `avatar.mdx` for example.

Author: done :)

> A placement dialog can be adjusted to sit in one of the four corners of the page.
> 
> <LiveExample src='Dialog.placement.tsx'>
>   <AllExamples.DialogPlacementExample client:load />
> </LiveExample>
> 
> Positions for the dialog on the page include:
> `top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`

Reviewer 2: nit: phrasing improvement (there is no such thing as a "placement dialog", only a `placement` prop)
```suggestion
Using the `placement` prop, a dialog can be adjusted to sit in one of the four corners of the page. Accepted values:
- `top-left`
- `top-right`
- `bottom-left`
- `bottom-right`

<LiveExample src='Dialog.placement.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.DialogPlacementExample client:load />
</LiveExample>
```

Reviewer 2: after accepting the suggestion on github, can you also format the file (by saving it locally)?
